CHANGELOG: add 'server/embed: fix data race when starting both secure & insecure gRPC servers on the same address' into 3.4/3.5 (#15546)
etcd-io/etcd: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-3.4.md

## v3.4.25 (TBD)

### etcd server

> - Fix [server/embed: fix data race when start insecure grpc](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/15518)

Reviewer: Minor comment to make it clearer. 
```suggestion
- Fix [server/embed: fix data race when starting both secure & insecure gRPC servers on the same address](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/15518)
```

Author: Thanks! Updated
